good friends the day we should share
three minecraft public accounts
premium also so that only
visit and share on the page
in the middle I have every day accounts
premium of mini craft and you can
enter this line is a browser or
it's also going to let them crystallize lives
offenders prizes of mini craft script
free point where dotcom enter
this link
on this page is a premium web page
where says mini craft premium account
free good changes a description of
what they are responsible for doing these
programmers are some programmers
Professional creators of software is
games among others
here they will be able to get accounts
premium of mini craft every day
these programmers raise accounts
premium in my work this page all
the days so that you can
download it not sure in three
friends so that you account get
your microsoft premium account so
free have to give activated
support in your premium account in micro
Now they click and redirects us to another
part to another page you have been
successfully accessed our servers
awards then clear that
Premium account and free kraft then
friends from here is from here of this part
where I have first accounts and I am
failing and I share them you do not
good friend then you guys here from
options have said not available because
because another downloaded user is already
premium account or another user that does
little entered this page of mail this
premium account
here are options where it says accounts
premium available now and for
download your premium account and back
where available in any of
the options available to do in
this time I'm going to decline where
get out of available to download mexico
it's the first row of click
Y
before the end of the
download I get to finish the
download shows that you are human has
completed a strong repeat this is the
last step that I have to make for
to be able to charge this premium account
craft since like these programmers
Give away accounts allows mini kraft
they have to make sure that you are
some human persons and they are not bots
and I was not using this method and
then friends have to enter
any of these in these offers
are only going to take you
like 30 seconds and it's going to end
download your premium account igrafo no
because on this occasion very much thanks to the
first door
and I get this offer maybe not to you
another offer appears
but this time it seemed like this
offer then here I get that is
waiting on the page was scanning
is waiting for me to complete the offer
so that I finished downloading in
premium account and mini craft that had
chosen not then friends here for
finalize the discharge income number
cellular if you see another one
offer simply make the offer and
in the door that you get solar idea
and big 1 - solaria and I said in his
company the offer they have chosen if
you get another offer or just
they perform all the steps then friends
in me, it is a problem, they are movistar
you can maybe it depends on the country
where is one of these accounts
premium that does not work for all
countries
clear third the tel depends on country that
is then I will send the mission
arm my cell phone I just got
a confirmation message for
prove that I am a human person
do not
Once I show you the screen of my
cell phone and I get a text message
with the verification code or ping for
show that it is a human person I do not
I made your pin code code
check is 14 54 3 east this
code enters it to the web and I'm going to
determine can show that I am a
human person and not a bots
good friend then this this code of
human confirmation that I received the
cell I will enter the page
14 54 3 and well better then I'm going to
give it in send
and I just finished scanning what is
a person tomorrow I give to send and
how is the building code good
that came to my cell phone is going
end by finishing the download of my
premium microphone account I give to
submit
and as you can see is me just being a text
not because he has just confirmed that I am
a human person entered the code
of verification that I was going to talk
good friends this account
this is my car this text tells
Private you believe me available
then friends here
it's john chris the password and it 's so good
status that this account is verified
friends now I'm going to enter minecraft
account account that I just downloaded
to see what that account works
and see that this account is no prize
two friends entered minecraft
we must get
and I'm going to paste the username and the
password that I just had
download them
I give it to guide me and remember passwords
a friend as you see I have given it
correctly to this account that I
just downloaded includes 54 and now
we go to the store to see that this
account is premium
here they see that he is logged in and that he says
this account is premium and thank you very much
friends would be all just follow the same
steps that I have done and so that
Run is a premium account and Krafft is given
where it says available accounts and
complete a free offer so that
finish downloading your premium account
good microphone thank you until next time